# Multi-Player Labyrinth

This repository contains code for a simple text-based adventure game playable by multiple people, created for the _Software Architecture_ course at the UW iSchool.

Rachel -
In my original code from assignment 2, my partner and I did not implement the extensibility requirement of specifying our labyrinth in a .json file. As a result, we utilized another group member’s code for this assignment. Working with their solution gave me a better understanding of keeping components abstract which made expanding the labyrinth itself much simpler for this assignment. This required almost no modification since interfaces and abstract classes were used to characterize components as movable players, hazards or items. 

Adapting a model-view-controller style to this assignment strengthened my grasp of the style itself as well as add the client-server functionality. In our code, the server model (the map) updates the client. The client has its own controller to determine what command to send and so does the server (the game class). Modifying the program to follow MVC affords this asynchronous communication and helped us manage the separation of functionality for a larger scale labyrinth. The most important takeaway from reflecting on my own original design choices is to stress separation of concerns. We had only 2 files with functions outside of classes, scattered and high concentrations of responsibilities, and a heavily detailed approach, which collectively made the program unsalvageable for homework 4. When developing software in the future I would give higher prioritization to constraints, especially extendability, before deciding on a style. 
